this week we're talking about daytime
Sparkle it used to be when you're
watching a catwalk show that you could
tell when it was seeking from the
daytime portion into the cocktail out
portion because the fabrics would start
to get a bit more shiny and sparkly but
now it starts with a shiny dress furred
wearing at brunch and it ends with some
kind of matte silk pajamas for wearing
to a black-tie event so who knows
so as an upshot of that is why I am
wearing these very very sparkly pink
trousers if you've watched these before
you might have realized I think I was
possibly sort of compared on a cruise
ship in a previous life because I feel
quite loved pair of sparkly trousers
just can't resist them these ones at
Topshop and they are quite silly but I
sort of think if you wear them the white
shirt and bust it up all the way to the
top so you know it's looks too crazy
then you can get away with it for
daytime
you will see what I mean about the
daytime shine trend because you've
probably seen this style of trouser
maybe even in your own wardrobe this
kind of oiled effect denim which is just
everywhere when you walk down the street
these days he's a master Spencer and you
know it was colored denim was the thing
and now this kind of like giving it this
kind of metallic oily sheen whether in
black or in silver or in that kind of
dirty gold color is all the rage so you
can wear shine in the daytime anything
goes that there are limits I think one
such limit is not shine and shine you
have to have one kind of something
mattes to take take the whole thing down
a notch so for instance if you were
going to wear this top it's just really
beautiful roll top with this gold
leathery finish and a kind of sheer back
which i think is a good idea cuz
otherwise I think if you wear those kind
of leather t-shirts I had one of those
once and you just just get so hot this
kind of gives you a bit of air
conditioning and the back which is never
a bad thing something like that would be
a good thing to wear it with that suede
skirt because it just kind of absorbs or
some of the light that's bouncing off
your t-shirt
another reason I think shine for daytime
is here to stay as a trend is that for
autumn/winter when I saw those shows I
realized after that today does written
lyrics in my notebook about like 50
times which is kind of not something
that normally happens in the last few
years so nu X is coming back in a big
way this is a house Holland Henry
Holland's label sort of a bit like
ghetto-fabulous does Henry Holland mark
- and there's also a cardigan version
so there are other ways to go with the
shiny thing you can do that kind of
seventies lyric thing but you can also
do this kind of look which is a bit more
kind of almost a bit late 50s madmen
kind of styling with this little vintage
buttons and just quite a sort of dense
ladylike almost quite a formal fabric
this is fun but this openwork kind of
sweater so you just wear it over a
contrasting color vest and it just gives
a little kind of fisherman there of
glitter over the top of what you're
wearing and if you really want to go a
bit bling then shiny and Gucci doesn't
get more than that this bronze colored
t-shirts I love this color it's a really
beautiful way of wearing gold where it's
not too in-your-face and then last but
definitely not least if you can just
indulge my cruise ship compare
tendencies one more time by Sandro I
know it's horrible
but I just think it's quite beautiful
and really it seems like a silly piece
it seems like a kind of extra but if you
had that you just wear that with black
trousers and she looked brilliant all
the time especially on a cruise ship